Our Corporate Agenda :
"To leverage the huge (China) Pool Of Talents & Resources - So as to be able to deliver to a Global Market - High Quality Competitive Products"
The automotive industry in China has been the largest in the world measured by automobile unit production since 2008. Since 2009, annual production of automobiles in China exceeds that of the European Union or that of the United States and Japan combined.
Since the early 1990s, it has developed rapidly. China's annual automobile production capacity first exceeded one million in 1992. By 2000, China was producing over two million vehicles. After China's entry into the World Trade Organization (W.T.O) in 2001, the development of the automobile market accelerated further. Between 2002 and 2007, China's national automobile market grew by an average 21 percent, or one million vehicles year-on-year.
In 2009, China produced 13.79 million automobiles, of which 8 million were passenger cars and 3.41 million were commercial vehicles and surpassed the United States as the world's largest automobile producer by volume. In 2010, both sales and production topped 18 million units, with 13.76 million passenger cars delivered, in each case the largest by any nation in history. In 2014, total vehicle production in China reached 23.720 million, accounting for 26% of global automotive production.
ALIFE AIR (China) based in Shanghai will be leveraging all of the above, including the large workforce of skilled chinese automobile engineers with further direct alliance with major chinese automobile manufacturers, leveraging on their collective strength, in component manufacturing as we gear up our range of ALIFE AIR Automobile products to serve a global market, ensuring that we remain within an affordable price range. We can learn from the business models of already established EV manufacturers who continue to break new grounds with their continued success in engineering new lines of Electric Vehicles targeted at mass consumer markets paving the way for lighter weight vehicle designs which allow us to expand our design into development of electric long range Hybrid vehicles. We intend to follow their market trends as well as expanding on our our own markets. The only difference is that ALIFE AIR Automobile will use our affordable alternative fuel which in time will have an even larger fuel distribution network as our fuel production process can be deployed anywhere.
Our operations in Shanghai will focus on development and design work with our team of European Engineering experts to ensure a high standard both in Design and Safety continuously pushing new boundaries in the innovation of all means of transportation.